Added `deploy_contract` docs (#1840)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/08-cairo-1-support/03-cheatcodes/deploy_contract.md

# `deploy_contract`

```cairo
fn deploy_contract(contract: felt252, calldata: Array::<felt252>) -> 
Result::<felt252, RevertedTransaction>
```

Declares and deploys a contract given its name defined in the [protostar.toml](../../04-configuration-file.md) configuration
file.

```cairo title="Example"
use result::ResultTrait;
use array::ArrayTrait;

fn my_function() {

    let mut calldata = ArrayTrait::new();
    calldata.append(10);
    calldata.append(11);
    calldata.append(12);

>     let address = deploy_contract('mycontract', calldata).unwrap();

Reviewer: NIT: we could use `constructor_calldata` for clarity.

Author: I left calldata for consistency with other tutorials

    // ...
}
```

Errors raised by the constructor can be handled in the same way as for [deploy](deploy.md)

:::info

> `deploy_contract` is just a syntactic sugar over executing cheatcodes `declare` -> `prepare` -> `deploy` separately, and it's what it does under the hood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`deploy_contract` is just syntactic sugar over executing cheatcodes `declare` -> `prepare` -> `deploy` separately, and that's what it does under the hood.
```

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion as for the other file here ⬆️

Author: https://github.com/software-mansion/protostar/pull/1840/commits/8534705c8eb65ab65d4d5399e8e600b7388f3316
